Mention Base.Lockable in "multi-threading.md" (#58107)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/multi-threading.md

```

### [Using locks to avoid data-races](@id man-using-locks)

> An important tool to avoid data-races, and thereby write thread-safe code, is the concept of a "lock". A lock can be locked and unlocked. If a thread has locked a lock, and not unlocked it, it is said to "hold" the lock. If there is only one lock, and we write code the requires holding the lock to access some data, we can ensure that multiple threads will never access the same data simultaneously.

Reviewer: spelling:

```suggestion
An important tool to avoid data races, and thereby write thread-safe code, is the concept of a "lock". A lock can be locked and unlocked. If a thread has locked a lock, and not unlocked it, it is said to "hold" the lock. If there is only one lock, and we write code the requires holding the lock to access some data, we can ensure that multiple threads will never access the same data simultaneously.
```

Additionally, I'd probably say "race condition" rather than the more specific "data race", but I see the title already says data race, so whatever.

> An important tool to avoid data-races, and thereby write thread-safe code, is the concept of a "lock". A lock can be locked and unlocked. If a thread has locked a lock, and not unlocked it, it is said to "hold" the lock. If there is only one lock, and we write code the requires holding the lock to access some data, we can ensure that multiple threads will never access the same data simultaneously. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An important tool to avoid data-races, and thereby write thread-safe code, is the concept of a "lock". A lock can be locked and unlocked. If a thread has locked a lock, and not unlocked it, it is said to "hold" the lock. If there is only one lock, and we write code the requires holding the lock to access some data, we can ensure that multiple threads will never access the same data simultaneously.
```

All three options are equivalent. Note how the final version requires an explicit `try`-block to ensure that the lock is always unlocked, whereas the first two version do this internally. One should always use the lock pattern above when changing data (such as assigning
to a global or closure variable) accessed by other threads. Failing to do this could have unforeseen and serious consequences.

#### [Using Base.Lockable to associate a lock and a value](@id man-lockable)
As mentioned in the previous section, the helper-type [`Base.Lockable`](@ref) can be used to programmatically ensure the association between a lock and a value. This is generally recommended, as it is both less prone to error and more readable for others compared to having the association only by convention.

```julia-repl

> julia> my_array = [];                   # Simple empty array

Reviewer 3: Some comments about this code block:

- I think it is overcommenting a bit. There is not really a need to comment on creating an empty array.
- The comments become quite long on a single line, which will require horizontal scrolling to read on the website.

I'd take some inspiration of how the section below is written, ideally the text before the code should be enough to understand the code.

to a global or closure variable) accessed by other threads. Failing to do this could have unforeseen and serious consequences.

#### [Using Base.Lockable to associate a lock and a value](@id man-lockable)
As mentioned in the previous section, the helper-type [`Base.Lockable`](@ref) can be used to programmatically ensure the association between a lock and a value. This is generally recommended, as it is both less prone to error and more readable for others compared to having the association only by convention.

Any object can be wrapped in `Base.Lockable`:
```julia-repl
julia> my_array = [];

julia> my_locked_array = Base.Lockable(my_array);
```

If the lock is held, the underlying object can be accessed with the empty indexing notation:
```julia-repl
julia> begin
           lock(my_locked_array)
           try
               push!(my_locked_array[], 1)
           finally
               unlock(my_locked_array)
           end
       end
1-element Vector{Any}:
 1
```

> It is usually easier and safer to pass a function as the first argument to `lock`. The function is applied to the unlocked object, and the locking/unlocking is handled in the background. Anonymous functions, named functions, and do-blocks can all work well here:

Reviewer: IMO the last sentence is unnecessary and can be left out. Furthermore, I think the phrase "handled in the background" may be misleading, as it's not necessarily clear what "background" refers to, and I guess something like "background thread" might be construed. Suggestion:

```suggestion
It is usually easier and safer to pass a function as the first argument to `lock`. The function is applied to the unlocked object, and the locking/unlocking is handled automatically:
```
